Things I Learned
----------------
while trying to get Windows 10 on Amazon EC2.

 * Xbox App doesn't install on Windows Server 2019. Wants to 'upgrade' your 2019 to Windows 10.
 * AWS EC2 doesn't have Windows 10 AMIs
 * Installing Windows 10 in VM on a small storage, with the intention of growing later, is hindered by Windows 10 creating a 500MB recovery partition after your main partition. Can't delete via Disk Management, but via diskpart works.
 * AWS G4 instances require ENA drivers
 * Updating existing AMI is easy. Just snapshot a volume and create AMI.
 * Parsec GPU Updater doesn't support Windows 10: "Sorry, this Operating system (Microsoft Windows 10 Pro) is not yet supported by this tool."
 * Parsec doesn't like running under RDP, so you need AutoLogon. [Sysinternals Autologon](https://live.sysinternals.com/Autologon64.exe) is good for this.
 * Installing AWS Powershell tools was a bit confusing. Following [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/powershell/latest/userguide/pstools-getting-set-up-windows.html) doesn't give me `Set-AWSCredential`. `Install-Module -Name AWS.Tools.Common` gives this. `AWS.Tools.S3` gives `Get-S3Object`.

AWS EC2 NVIDIA
--------------
 * g4dn.xlarge instance has VEN_10DE&DEV_1EB8.
 * "15000 The host encoder failed to initialize". Using the public nvidia.com drivers fails with this. [Parsec docs](https://support.parsec.app/hc/en-us/articles/360001106411) says for NVENC you need the licensed Grid or vGaming drivers.
 * Installing the vGaming drivers makes this error go away, but still limited to 1366x768.
 * ```
 PS C:\> & 'C:\Program Files\NVIDIA Corporation\NVSMI\nvidia-smi.exe' --query
    ...
    vGPU Software Licensed Product
        Product Name                      : NVIDIA Virtual Applications
        License Status                    : Licensed
    ...
    ```
    This product name needs to be:
```
    vGPU Software Licensed Product
        Product Name                      : NVIDIA vGaming
        License Status                    : Licensed
```
 * Don't forget to follow the rest of the instructions on [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/install-nvidia-driver.html#nvidia-gaming-driver)
 * "14003 (Failed to Capture the Host Display)". Used TeamViewer to see system sees two displays. Display 1 on Basic Display. Display 2 on NVIDIA. Set to only display on 2.

AWS EC2 AMD
------------------
 * g4ad instance has following GPU: "%AMD7362.1%" = ati2mtag_Navi10, PCI\VEN_1002&DEV_7362&REV_C3 = "AMD Radeon Pro V520 MxGPU"
 * AWS AMD GPU drivers don't wanna install. Manually browsing to Packages\Display\Drivers for driver install says no drivers found.
 * Maybe OS support in inf? "NTamd64.10.0.2, NTamd64.10.0.3".
 * AMD Radeon PRO Software for Enterprise 21.Q1 supports Windows 10, but don't list DevID 7362 in the inf.
 * "%AMD7312.1%" = ati2mtag_Navi10. "AMD Radeon Pro W5700" seems close, but installing driver seems to not end.

Steam
-----
 * "Would you like to accept secure desktop input from Steam?". Has to be done locally, but no local console on EC2. `tscon 1 /dest:console` disconnects my RDP.
 * Tried TeamViewer, then didn't get the question anymore. But streaming_client.exe kept hanging locally every few minutes.
 